A1. Alexandra Hunter

Q2. Do you have any programming experience? If so, how much, and what programming languages have you used?

A2. No, I don't have any programming experience which is why I wanted to take this class, to learn programming.

Q3. Do you have experience writing code in C++?

A3. I don't have any experience writing code in C++, except for the work done in class.

Q4. How do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit an engineer, regardless of their field?

A4. I think learning to solve these problems and write programs could benefit an engineer because there are going to be problems which every engineer has to face and sometimes the best way to face that problem is by coding a solution or writing a program. If you are able to write a program than sometimes an issue you were having, like maybe productivity, could be improved. Also, being able to think critically is important in any problem so being able to solve compuational ones and write programs gives experience.

Q5. Do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit you in everyday life? If so, how?

A5. I think it could benefit me in everyday life because being able to think critically and being able to learn new things is super helpful in tackling everyday problems. I also think that learning to do these things could benefit me in other computer skills that I may use in the future for everyday computer issues, like crashing, bugs, etc.

Q6. We may have time for a special topics lecture at the end of the term, depending on how the term unfolds. Are there any special topics related to computer science that you're curious about? (e.g., an introduction to machine learning, computer graphics, object oriented programming, functional programming, frontend development, backend development, databases, cloud development, mobile app development, etc.)

A6. I don't know what any of these really mean since I don't have almost any experience with programing, but I do think that learning about computer graphics could be interesting as I think it's so cool to be able to make really nice computer graphics that look fantastic.
>
